all right let's pick the other bison the
dark side fighting I am pictures off in
the wild good wow you know Sam the other
alternate outfit bison I'm actually
wondering to see what his junkie is on
super nah just sealing into it good good
throw get out of your denture okay can't
take throw err throw good good
oh no he got it I reset
got me on a reset no I know what you did
you put your last meter into that attack
but I'm still standing you know you're
just gone means your fight is over I'll
sit there
I was hoping you to save the best for
last ja ja shoulda taught him before
right when he got dizzy out if you never
did a whole thing but careless mistake
ah foot flip good i chew mini me puse
killed Becky on so don't think I can't
kill you venga right all right that's
Matt out Matt seven is 61 yeah Mac 7
goes to me 6131 up